---
draft: true
publish: false
---
- BunnyNabbit “Aon”: zhe code of-zhings for handling level intialization when a player wants to join it is still pretty busted. but at least it's no longer inside zhe universe class where it seemed unsuitable  
- BunnyNabbit “Aon”: how meaningful is zhis to [#65?](https://github.com/BunnyNabbit/voxel-telephone/issues/65). it's not, weh heh heh.  
- BunnyNabbit “Aon”: actually. i would want to make player spawn positions be decoupled from zhe promise which adds zhe player after it was loaded  
- BunnyNabbit “Aon”: same for music  
- BunnyNabbit “Aon”: <@472408309895266306> have you ever tried handling [small animals](https://www.npmjs.com/package/isolated-vm) like isolated-vm yet? i zhink it was somezhing zhat was planned for node-hill but i guess nobody at zhe time tested it out. i've been zhinking about adding block-based scripting to my server so i might need to use it.  
- BunnyNabbit “Aon”: Fetcher Creep[sic] is so damn scary :fear:  
- MixaMega: i havent gotten around to it  
- MixaMega: but from examples i saw i dont think its too hard?  
- MixaMega: oh no wait  
- MixaMega: i remembered  
- MixaMega: this is gonna be a pain in the ass  
- MixaMega: ok i cant even install it  
- MixaMega: ok played around a bit  
- MixaMega: and yea its a problem  
- MixaMega: there is some interop  
- MixaMega: you can somewhat transfer objects between isolates  
- MixaMega: but functions are a no  
- BunnyNabbit “Aon”: i haven't actually zhought about zhe installation. yip, zhat seems razher painful  
- MixaMega: what if  
- MixaMega: you use fs and read the js files for the types (Player, Brick etc..) and then load them as modules in the vm  
- MixaMega: require is probably undefined  
- BunnyNabbit “Aon”: it doesn't seem to have module support.  
- BunnyNabbit “Aon”: hm  
- MixaMega: there are some things labeled as modules  
- BunnyNabbit “Aon”: somehow would have to compile a suffix for each file i'm guessing?  
- MixaMega: would it be easier just to fix vm2  
- BunnyNabbit “Aon”: eight security advisories  
- BunnyNabbit “Aon”: i see  
- MixaMega: it might be doable  
- MixaMega: but it would take alot of work  
- MixaMega: might aswell do the node hill restructuring  
