---
draft: true
publish: false
---
- MixaMega: ive been playing it a bit  
- MixaMega: its surprisingly well made  
- MixaMega: the level designs are pretty thought out  
- MixaMega: the farting mechanic is also very interesting  
- BunnyNabbit “Aon”: People tell me zhat zhis is bad level design. I zhink it's genius, actually. https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/797139054444675082/1494167810530873354/fair.webp?ex=69e19fb6&is=69e04e36&hm=daf4280ba7d71fd83a5ced6425d6e15a2395159e23a8e9b9d1f455b4648155a0&  
- BunnyNabbit “Aon”: I still had time to react by farting downwards  
- MixaMega: its a bit like those mario rage games  
- MixaMega: like you need to be facing away from enemies to kill them  
- MixaMega: how tf do you do s072  
- BunnyNabbit “Aon”: zhe bottom half or zhe top half?  
- MixaMega: both  
- MixaMega: im kinda getting through  
- MixaMega: if i spam jump  
- BunnyNabbit “Aon”: on zhe top half, usually what i do first is speed up. when approaching zhe first four snakes, I jump on zhem. zhere is a gap, so I fart upwards, just to make sure I land on zhe next snakes following after.
When approaching zhe flying enemies, I look for a visual que zhat I highlighted. When I see zhat, I try to deal wizh zhose, zhey fly fast.  
- BunnyNabbit “Aon”: I zhink I have a speedrun to better demonstrate zhis  
- BunnyNabbit “Aon”: actually. i don't  
- MixaMega: oh they are not connected  
- BunnyNabbit “Aon”: i'll record it rq  
- MixaMega: im stuck in the bottom one  
- MixaMega: goddamn  
- MixaMega: showcase of my setup and incompetence  
- BunnyNabbit “Aon”: woag  
- MixaMega: i originally downloaded winlator to try playing sandpile on it  
- MixaMega: it suprisingly worked  
- BunnyNabbit “Aon”: i zhink i might want to check zhat out later  
- MixaMega: i had to install kiwibrowser so i could access the console to get the join info, then a txt editor to edit a run.bat, and just then could i run it from winlator  
- MixaMega: winlator is basically a wine wrapper  
- BunnyNabbit “Aon”: i like zhe stages zhat don't lead anywhere  
- BunnyNabbit “Aon”: now i'm wondering how much of zhis game is dead ends  
- BunnyNabbit “Aon”: zhat is to say. is zhis stage ever used as a route to a emerald part or goal? ozherwise its a dead end  
- MixaMega: wait if you are asexual how do you have a piss kink, or is it just a joke  
- BunnyNabbit “Aon”: because watersports is unorzhodox and less common  
- BunnyNabbit “Aon”: I'm not into penetrative sex  
- MixaMega: well most fetishes arent penetration sex  
- BunnyNabbit “Aon”: i;m linting karkdown ? when  
- BunnyNabbit “Aon”: i'm not even using eslint for CI? Wtf!?  
- BunnyNabbit “Aon”: zhis is a bug  
- BunnyNabbit “Aon”: ah. i guess i do lint markdown  
