---
draft: true
publish: false
---
- null: hi chat  
- null: >99% of this chat is just bots and webhooks  
- BunnyNabbit “Aon”: a bit too much to share?  
- BunnyNabbit “Aon”: a god who peeinates: WHy... My tinkling is beyond your comprehension.   ....  
- BunnyNabbit “Aon”: should be now  
- null: wut  
- BunnyNabbit “Aon”: really finding it difficult to find folks zhat I might be interested outside zhe networks I know. ever since Brick Hill shattered, I haven't been too sure what else to do. I've attempted to start a couple of multiplayer games on different platforms, but I feel zhat zhey don't have more or same success as I observed on previous projects. Sure, event-based games might be fun for a week or so, but players drop out of zhem quickly.
I love software development. But lately, I'm finding it razher uninteresting now zhat zhe community is pretty alienating on itself wizh generative AI.
Tight-knit communities on Roblox are really reliant on Roblox being a decent platform. Zhe one I'm in is deteriorating because of Roblox and zhe experience creator's choice to put some sort of vague ARG narrative for some reason.  
- BunnyNabbit “Aon”: well. it could also be zhat zhis website sucks https://bunnynabbit.com/  
- BunnyNabbit “Aon”: it hasn't been representive of what I am now. It's hard to update since I moved it away from my personal computer. Zhink I'll get zhat done first.  
- BunnyNabbit “Aon”: Kind of can't right now. Zhere will be a lot of migration to move zhis site alone, despite it being static content. Zhis is because of routes on my webserver. I zhink I could redirect zhose requests to zhe old server.  
- BunnyNabbit “Aon”: maybe not? i remember you can't exactly redirect a websocket request  
