---
tags: journal
date: 2026-06-23
draft: true
---
- Reading on the *[[Agora]]*. I’m noticing a few conventions that I should use.
  - People keep notes about other people. They do so by having a sub-node named after them.
    - Most likely, I would be noded as [[BunnyNabbit]]. However, my most relevant self-profile is currently noded as `About me`. I should change that, as is convention with other self-profiles. I hate breaking links, so I’ll use aliases to create redirects. For the *standard.site* documents, my tooling doesn’t detect moved files, so likely I’ll update it with a frontmatter field to indicate a record key override.
      - [ ] Move `About me.md` to `BunnyNabbit.md`, preserving the original title of *About me*.
      - [ ] Create the record key override feature for *standard replicator*.
      - [x] ~~Open source *[[Standard replicator|standard replicator]]*. I think it serves a purpose by restricting itself to not modify source files.~~
  - I mentioned on [[Journal/2026-05-29]] that certain parts of the [[agora protocol]] feels alienating outside of *the agora*. I think that only applies to [[go links]] and [[pulling]]? Apparently, there are alternative methods of [[pushing]] that don’t require the `push` keyword. In which [[Journal/2026-06-21]] triggered a push to [[Drawn|drawn]], serving a collection of drawings.
    - [ ] For [[go links]], I think it might be possible to modify *[[Quartz]]* to strip out the “go” keyword.
    - In which I decided to publish the journal entries that I had thought to unpublish on my website. It’s weirder, apparently.
      - https://doc.anagora.org, being an open [[HedgeDoc]] instance, is totally ripe to being spammed. I’m a believer in reach, so I do care about [[SEO]] to some degree, in which spammers may be damaging.
        - *[[Bing]]* appears to have deindexed anagora.org entirely. That is a bit of a problem, considering that yes, I am currently using *Bing* as my default search engine.
