---
tags: journal
date: 2026-05-29
---
- My *Surface* tablet was getting full. It only has 256GB of internal storage!
  - I had a *Dev Drive*. It’s gone now. It was taking about 6 or 7 GB of disk space from all the [[JavaScript]] repositories and packages. I used *[[pnpm]]* but I think it didn’t really worked with that drive? I wasn’t too sure what a *Dev Drive* actually did.
    - Since I removed the *Dev Drive* and moved my repositories back, I can use *[[Windows]]*‘ native compacting features.
  - Installed [*CompactGUI*](https://github.com/IridiumIO/CompactGUI) to automate native OS compacting.
  - Ran `git repack -a -d -f --depth=250 --window=250` on some large repositories.
  - I’m now left with 47 GB free.
  - Probably should use *OneDrive* more often.
- My *[[Git]]* + *[[SilverBullet]]* setup wasn’t the most optimal. I figured out why.  
  Recall the default `.gitattributes` from *GitHub Desktop*. `* text=auto` is a good default, but it can be made better for *SilverBullet*.  
  So, I now have `* eof=lf` in the `.gitattributes` file. This is because *SilverBullet+* syncs files with LF line endings.
  - I am yet to observe “No content changes” messages from *GitHub Desktop Plus*.
- I’m going to try not publishing new journal entries to *spacious nexus*‘ site for now.
  - Maybe this can encourage me to use more of the [[agora protocol]]. Tends to feel alienating when published.
  - Something [[SEO]] related. Need a control.
- I woke up again. I figured out why. It’s [[Friday]]. Uh oh.
  - I’m missing out. Not too sure of it.
