---
tags: journal
date: 2026-06-11
draft: true
---
- Finally realized the point of *[standard.site](https://standard.site/)*. I’m now publishing *standard.site* documents. These link back the *Quartz* generated website.
  - Its purpose is a little bit like *[RSS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RSS)* for a comparison.
  - I tried existing tools, but they didn’t work well for the rather unique *[[Quartz]]* setup I have. I built my own tooling for it.
    - [*Sequoia*](https://sequoia.pub/) seemed promising but it had issues.
      - `draft` field override was ignored.
      - `title` is required, otherwise it’ll default to “undefined.”.
      - Frontmatter is required. If missing, it would emit errors.
  - It took me a long while to understand this. While `site.standard.document` records can store an editable copy of its documents. This isn’t required and its `content` field does not have a concrete standard. It’s intended for editor/viewing platforms like [*Leaflet*](https://leaflet.pub/reader).
    - This means that I’m not using *standard.site* as a means of synchronization. I already have too many forms of synchronization for the *spacious nexus*.
      - Though, I am just putting raw markdown for the `textContent` field. It could be possible to restore some data and file hierarchy with the `path` field. It’s not something I would rely on, but they're here just in case the *Git* repositories explode, somehow.
- [ ] *Quartz* generates cover images. I should use those.
- I’m getting the idea that I should try out *Quartz 5*.
  - Supposedly, it’s more extensible. Should refer back to [[Journal/2026-05-26]].